So by default, spring considers singleton beans, scope regardless of whether you have mentioned or
not, until unless you want to use different scope by making those configurations.

So that's why singleton is the most used bean scope inside any spring application.

>But we need to be very careful while creating singleton beans because since the same instance of the
singleton bean will be used by multiple threads or at multiple places inside your application, it is
very important that you build these beans as <mark>immutable</mark>.\
> When I say immutable, once it is created by the spring IOC container, they should not be anywhere
a scenario where you are trying to change the data inside that object.
> * So that's why the singleton bean scope is more suitable for the beans which handle only business logic
or which have only methods inside them like service layer, repository layer.

> WHEN TO NOT USE?\
If there is a scenario inside your application where it can be changed by some other business logic,
where I have defined a name as an initial value with some random name, and if some part of the application
is trying to update that, then in those scenarios it is strictly not recommended to create singleton
bean scopes because the bean is a mutable in that scenario.
>* So that's why always create or go for the singleton bean scope if you are Java class has purely business
logic in the form of Java methods and there are no field variables.


>* And even if there are field variables available, they should not be any scenario where you want to
update once the bean is created.
>* That's why doing autowiring and dependency injection with the constructor injection will allow you
to make that bean maintained as a final, which will make it as a immutable object.


* And Don't try to create a bean until unless it is needed.
* Like if you have a simple Java pojo class without any business logic methods inside it, and it has simple getters and setters along with the field names.
* So in those scenarios, don't ever create that as a bean.
The reason is you are not getting anything from these kind of scenarios.\
And when you try to inject these kind of beans into other part of the application, so there is no business
logic inside it, just a data pojo that's why whenever you have data pojo objects inside your application
don't create beans.

* We also saw a demo(example_14) like where we are trying to compare the hash code of the two objects which proves
that spring always give the same reference object even if you try to refer at multiple places and multiple
times inside our application.\
And that's why it is very important to create singleton beans scope for only immutable beans.
