Like we discussed using @Bean,\
you have to write a lot of code like you have to create a Java method on top of it, we need to annotate with @bean annotation and inside this Java method you need to create
an object by yourself and initialize it with whatever values that you want inside it and the return
object from that method will act as a bean inside spring IOC container context.

But many a times we may have hundreds and thousands of classes inside our web applications, and we may don't want to write these methods. And on top of that bean annotation.
so it's a very cumbersome process. It is somewhat lengthy process.

>So to make developers life even more easy, we can use @component.\
> So how to create a bean with the help of @component is you can mention this annotation on top of your Java Pojo class.
With that, you don't have to write any other code related to object creation.

* So we will use this _@component_ on top of the Java classes where they will be used for "generic purpose".
* But if you have a scenarios where you want to create a bean which is related to "database operations", we have _@repository annotation_.
* Similarly, if you want to create something inside your "service layer", we have _@service annotation_.
* something that we want to create inside "controller layer".We also have _@controller annotation_.

----
understanding that @component\
is a generic stereotype annotation that we can use on top of any Pojo Java class which will make that pojo Java class
as a spring bean because spring IOC container during startup, whenever it sees its annotation, "_it will create 
object by itself_" rather than looking for a code where we create it with the new operator.
----
* One more small configuration change on top of your **project config class** since your spring IOC container can't go and scan all of your packages and thousands and thousands of classes available inside your web application
to make spring IOC container performance better.
So Spring team decided that it's a responsibility of the developer to tell to the spring IOC container a spring framework where it has to go and scan.
So how to mention that?\
with the help of "@component scan".

🔥💥So with the help of "@component scan" which we are mentioning on top of the **_configuration class_**,
we are instructing spring, go ahead and look for the Java classes which are annotated with the stereotype
annotations like @component.
And based upon that, please go ahead and create the spring beans.

(So this way, if there are 100 packages inside your Java Web application, it don't have to go and scan all the packages and Java classes available inside your web application, which will hurt your spring
IOC container performance to a great extent.\
That's why, apart from using @component, we should also make sure we are communicating that to spring framework with the help of @component scan)

* we need to mention "@component scan" with a parameter value base packages is equal to what is a package name where 
this vehicle Pojo class is available.


* so after all these changes like "@Component" and "@Component scan"  the vehicle object that will get created by the 
spring container will be available inside spring context.\
* And whenever you try to get that bean(object inside the spring context formed by spring container) with the help of 
vehicle class, you will get that bean.\
* And once we have that bean, definitely you can invoke the methods present inside it, or we can try
to access the variables inside that object.\
* But the caveat here that you need to understand here is with the @component annotation developer does not have any control. It's
the spring framework that can do the object creation.\
So due to that, I can't assign a name to this vehicle because I don't have any control on it. But there are other ways how to achieve that that will be discussing in the coming lectures.

For now, have an understanding that with the @component we can easily create spring beans also without need of writing a lot of code like we did inside @bean annotation.
