* So when you are using this stereotype annotations, definitely you just have to keep the annotation
that you want, whether it is @Component or any of the other stereotype annotation on top of the Java
class that you are trying to create Spring Bean.

* Other than that, you don't have to write any other logic of code inside your Java class to create a spring bean.

* The spring framework will take care of creating the bean automatically for you and very similar @Component stereotype annotation, Spring framework
also have three other stereotype annotations, which are @Service, @Repository and @Controller.

1. @Component: stereotype annotation in the scenarios where your particular Java class is trying to act as a <mark> general Java class</mark> , which means it doesn't have any significance.
It is just a utility class or any other generic class which your enter application will use.

2. @Service :annotation But if we have a scenario where your Java class is going to have a lot of <mark>business logic</mark> and this Java  class <mark> present inside the service layer of your application</mark> , then to indicate that to everyone this
is a service class, we can annotate the Java class with the help of @Service annotation.
* So inside the service Java class, we may have a lot of business logic or we might be making external API calls to the other applications outside your system.

3. @Repository:annotation suppose if your <mark>Java class has a lot of code related to database operations</mark>, 
   like retrieving the data
from the database, updating the data into the database or inserting records into the database.
In those scenarios, we can keep @Repository on top of a particular Java class.
* Many of the applications they have DAO classes, Data Access Objects inside projects. So we can simply
have a thumb rule, any DAO class that we have inside your web application, On top of that, you can keep @Repository.

4. @Controller:  annotation, <mark>This can be put on top of the classes, which will be present on the controller layer of 
   an MVC application.</mark>

----
* We can use Service, Repository or Controller annotation, and if a Java class is something too generic to  indicate neither of these three special annotations that you see in the bottom of the page, then definitely
feel free to take the parent or the generic component, which is @Component.


* And of course, you can have each and every class with @Component itself inside your application.
So there is no mandate that you need to have @Service, @Repositor, @Controller.
It's just that it will improve the reliability of your application and all these special annotations, like @Service, @Repository and @Controller are extended from the @Component annotation
itself.


* So stereotype annotations that the special annotations available inside Spring Framework, which will help you to create beans from the Java classes that you have inside your web applications.
