We have created beans with the help of @component annotation but, we realized that that
it has a drawback that where you can't have a control once the bean is created, like initializing the
variables inside it or any other logic that you want to write once the bean is created.

So that kind of control is missing inside the @component annotation approach.

* we can take the help of @PostConstruct annotation to define our own custom logic.

>Once the bean is created, like the annotation name itself, which is @PostConstruct,
It is mentioning that once the construction of the bean is created, it will execute the code that you
have mentioned inside a Java method.

* So as a developer, what we have to do is we have to create a Java method in the same class where you are using stereotype annotation. Inside that Java method, you can write all the logic that you want to execute.

* Once the bean of the specific Java class is created on top of the same Java method, you need to make sure you are mentioning the annotation @PostConstruct.

>So once you make this changes, what spring IOC container will do is once it created a bean for the
given Java class based upon your stereotype annotation configurations, it will execute the method that
you have mentioned with an annotation @postConstruct


----
so in example6:
* So with this @PostConstruct annotation, definitely Now your spring context has a bean of vehicle class and at the same time it also has a name variable inside it.
And this is very similar to how we have achieved inside the @bean annotation.

* 
