Sometimes we want to create the beans based upon a certain conditions.
Like if a condition met, then we want to create a bean of a specific class.
If not, we want to create an bean of another class.

>So this kind of conditional control if you want, we can also create the beans inside spring framework
programmatically with the method "registerBean()" that is available inside Application Context Implementation class.


>And this will allow programmers to create beans based upon their conditions programmatically, like
how we write our business logic based upon if conditions inside our programs.
So this is very similar to that.

Like you can see we need to call this method from the application context implementation class object and the method name is registerBean.
here we should pass three parameters,
1. name we want to give to the bean that we want to add to the spring context.
2. data type of your bean.
3. supplier function that is available inside Java.(eg:supplier returning the object instance that we want to add to the spring context.)
   So supplier is a functional interface which does not accept any input parameter, but it will return you something in the return.
So supplier is introduced in Java eight version as part of Lambda Expressions.

><mark> NOTE: Learn about "Supplier Interface" and "Lambda Expressions" in java.</mark>
That way you can learn which will help you Lambda expression and functional style of writing programs inside Java very easily.

----
eg:Example7 \
I have a condition whenever a given input which is of random number, is an even number.
I want to register a bean of type Volkswagen and if the number is an odd number, then definitely I want to register a bean audi vehicle class.
So based upon the condition that is being happening at the runtime dynamically, a Correspondent Bean will be created inside the spring IOC container.
