spring supports various requirements that we have during web applications development, like caching, session, security, database persistence.

>The requirement can be anything for each and every requirement that we have, spring has many projects that got built over a period of time, and as a developer or as an architect
of my project based upon my requirements, I can adopt a specific module or a specific project of a spring.

* One of the reasons why spring framework is very lightweight is you are free to choose what you want from the spring framework.

* There is no mandatory thing that you have to adopt the entire spring framework or add the libraries of the entire spring framework which will make your application heavy.
  That way you have some good understanding when we should use this projects inside your web applications development.

1. <mark>Spring Core & Spring MVC</mark>: this project definitely is a base for all the projects. That's why we call it as a spring core.
And if you have a requirement where you want to build a web application using MVC pattern, then definitely you can use Spring MVC project also.

2. <mark>SpringBoot</mark> : Many times I may not have a requirement to build a complex web application. Maybe I want to build a small web application focusing a small functionality just like how we do inside microservices.\
So in those scenarios, Spring Boot will make your life easy to build web applications that are production ready with a very less effort.\
You don't have to do many configurations dependency management compared to spring MVC applications, it is very easy to build web applications with Spring Boot.

3. (for spring boot) Spring data: for database.\
So if you have a scenario where you have to fetch the data or store the data inside your web applications, then definitely you can adopt the spring data project inside your web application.\
The database can be SQL database or NoSQL database. It can be MySQL, Oracle, MongoDB.

* So for each and every scenario we have spring data, and under this many specifications from <mark>the ORM
frameworks like Hibernate and JPA are implemented to make developer life easy.</mark>\

That way, developer can write very less code and he can achieve more results by avoiding all the boilerplate
code that he needs to write, especially to create a connection, closing a connection, fetching the results, iterating them, handling the transactions.\

So all those heavy lifting will be done by spring framework, by Spring data project for you.\
You just focus on building your business logic.\
That's the purpose of Spring data project.

4. <mark>Spring cloud</mark>: <mark>nowadays everyone like to build microservices application with the help of Docker and Kubernetes.</mark>\
So to support that community where if anyone is not building a monolithic application, instead they are building small, small microservices, then Spring Cloud has all the supporting components and the
design patterns implemented inside it to make developer life easy.

5. <mark>Spring Security </mark>:We all know security is very important inside any web application.
Without security, there is no meaning of building production web application.
* So inside Spring Security Project, it has support for authentication, authorization, role based access, support for oauth2, JWT tokens.\
So all those security related components will be supported by spring security project.

6. <mark> Spring Session</mark> :if you have intentions to implement session based business logic inside your web applications, then definitely spring session is a project that you need to consider.
* So obviously using the session and caching, you can reduce the number of calls that we need to make to a database or to the backend server.\
That's why we have a separate project focusing on spring session.

7. <mark> Spring Integration</mark>:  Spring Integration, which is focusing the integration patterns where like one application, want to send data to other application using streams or messages.
* So all those patterns are implemented and provided through spring integration project.

8. <mark> Spring AMQP </mark>:  This project is focused for messaging services, especially for asynchronous processing of your data through queues like Rabbitmq, Harnett Queue, Activemq.
* So if you have intentions to use messaging queues, then definitely spring Amqp is the option that you need to consider.

----
Again, whatever projects that I highlighted, here are the most important projects, but not a complete list of projects.

We'll see where to check the complete list of projects

>See the evolution of application dev that spring framework adapted & evolved for that.(in slides)
