In the previous lectures, we have discussed how to create beans with the help of Java Pojo classes, what kind of configurations that we have to do inside our web applications with the help of various
annotations like @Bean, @Component and other stereotype annotations that we have.

That way, using these configurations, your spring context can convert those pojos into beans and maintain them inside spring IOC container context.

> if you take any web application inside Java, usually the objects will delegate certain
functionality or responsibilities to other objects inside web applications.

>So we will never write all the business logic inside a same class because it will be super, super complex to maintain in the future.

* That's why from day one of Java we will try to segregate all our business logic based upon our needs into the corresponding layers.
 so we maintain:
1. controller layer:
>which will accept the requests from the UI and process all the validations. Once all the 
 validations are passed, it will hand over that input received from the user to the service layer
2. service layer: 
inside vehicle service object. we can write our core business logic.
Maybe you want to validate is there any other vehicle already registered with the same details?
>So those kind of business validations or any other business logic we write inside the vehicle service
class or in the service layer of your web application.

And once all your business logic is executed, definitely you want to store the data of an vehicle or any input that is provided by the user into a database.
3. database persistent layer:
>So to perform CRUD operations onto the database, we have a vehicle DAO object or a DAO layer inside our web
applications which will take care of persisting the data, updating the data, deleting the data based upon our requirements.
* frontend layer.

>>So in this flow, vehicle controller object has a dependency or it is handing over certain responsibilities to the 
service object and the same applicable for service object
also it is handover certain responsibilities to the data object.

>>We need to wire them.\
We need to understand the dependencies between them, and we need to let the spring framework know, that so and so  bean has so and so dependency.\
So this concept is called wiring or autowiring inside spring framework.\
this is one of the core concept understanding how to creating beans and how to wire our autowire them
is very important.
----
example:
If you look at the two example that I'm showing on this screen, the left hand side shows that I have created three beans inside my web application, and these are related to controller object, service
object and DAO object.

>And since all of them are created as beans, definitely my spring context knows about them and it is tracking their creation, destroying, initialization.
So all bean lifecycle is being tracked right now by my spring context.
>* <mark>But unfortunately these three objects is not aware of each other</mark>. Because I have not configured or I
have not provided details of wiring and autowiring to my spring framework inside my web application.


>You can see on the right hand side, this is a spring context representation where I have same three
beans available inside my spring context.\
Now I have done the wiring configurations inside my web application.\
>* That way my spring IOC container now is smart enough to understand the dependencies that all these objects
has in between them, and with the help of wiring configurations, it will do dependency injection when
my code Executes.
* Like whenever I'm trying to execute the code in the controller object,By the time my code is looking for the 
  service object, my spring framework will make sure it is injecting the service object.\
That way my code will not have null pointer exception.

Similarly, inside service object class, My spring framework will make sure a Java object bean is injected based upon the wiring configurations
that I have done.
----
ex: No wiring scenario inside spring:

The vehicle and person beans, they're just sitting inside spring context, but they are not aware about each other 
and there is no relationship between them.

So now in this scenario, if my person trying to access the vehicle by using the getters and setters
available inside person pojo class for a vehicle, definitely the code will throw "null pointer exception."

So this is a no wiring scenario.

And of course we can't live with this kind of no wiring scenarios inside our web applications, doing
wiring and autowiring and making sure that spring context aware of all those dependencies is very important.
