Now, in this lecture, let's try to enhance our web application to display some content based upon
the value that I'm passing.

So right now we hardcoded the Welcome to ScalerNet inside the html file.
Instead of that, I want to populate some data dynamically based upon the value that I'm passing from
my Controller class for the same.

>We also decided like we can adopt <mark>Thymeleaf as an Java server side template engine</mark>.

Add thymeleaf starter project in pom.xml\
So now I want to display something dynamically based upon the value that I'm sending from my controller
class.
>So for the same, what we need to do is we need to bring thymeleaf tags into this html page.\
That way we can display the content dynamically.
> * So in order to bring thymeleaf, I need to copy paste this home.html into templates folder, because
my thymeleaf is a template,It's not a static file.
>* Like I said, every time based upon the value that I send from my controller, my template will generate
a value dynamically and display to the end user.
>* Since it's a template we need to place under templates folder which is generated by spring boot starter
project.


first, in order to use the thymeleaf I need to import the namespace of thymeleaf into my html page.
* so all my thymeleaf tags will start with the th. (That way my thymeleaf and spring they can differentiate between a normal html tag and thymeleaf specific
tag.)


>* 🔥So "Model" is an interface inside Spring MVC framework which will act as an container between your UI
and backend code.
>* 🔥 So how do I convey that variable name that I want to display or that I want to be considered My Thymeleafis with the help of Model interface, so you just have to accept a model as an parameter to your dispalyHomePage().
>* Like suppose whenever I want to pass certain variables to my UI or vice versa, where the variable or
information is coming from UI to backend, I can use modal as an container holding those values.
>* So if you are familiar with the development of an web application with html and servlets, back in the
olden days we used to get the information from UI in the form of http servlet request and also we used
to send the response in the form of http servlet response.\
So inside those objects we can pass the parameters or variables that we want to be displayed on the
UI.
>* Now, instead of doing all that manually by developer, my spring MVC framework has an interface called
Model which take care of all accepting the parameters inside http request and also whatever I populate
inside model object, the same will be sent inside the response in the form of http servlet response.

* So now I have added an model object to the displayHomepage() method.
* So inside this method, by using the model object, I can pass the attribute username.
* So you can see I'm calling "addAttribute()" method and passing the variable, and  my variable name is 'username' and what is the value associated to this variable, which is 'John doe'.
* 🔥 So with this my thymeleaf is smart enough to read the variable username from the model object and generate
a html code after populating the username value inside this and will send to the browser inside the
response.





